Add ability to define `templateAttributes` within a target (#533)
yonaskolb/XcodeGen: CHANGELOG.md

#### Added
- Added `missingConfigFiles` to `options.disabledValidations` to optionally skip checking for the existence of config files.
- Added ability to automatically include Carthage related dependencies via `includeRelated: true` [#506](https://github.com/yonaskolb/XcodeGen/pull/506) @rpassis
- Added ability to define `templateAttributes` within a target to be able to parameterize templates. [#533](https://github.com/yonaskolb/XcodeGen/pull/533) @tomquist

#### Changed

> - **DEPRECATION**: Placeholders `$target_name` and `$platform` changed to `${target_name}` and `${platform}` in order to streamline placeholders with `templateAttributes`. [#533](https://github.com/yonaskolb/XcodeGen/pull/533) @tomquist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **DEPRECATION**: Placeholders `$target_name` and `$platform` have been deprecated in favour of `${target_name}` and `${platform}`. Support for the old placeholders will be removed in a future version [#533](https://github.com/yonaskolb/XcodeGen/pull/533) @tomquist
```
